Update change-address-contact-and-more.md (#3566)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/manage/change-address-contact-and-more.md

1. Go to the <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2024339" target="_blank">Microsoft 365 admin center</a>.

2. In the header, select your profile icon, then select **View account**.

3. On the left, select **Security info**.

> 4. In the Eamail section, Click on **Change**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the Email section, select **Change**
```

5. Edit the address in the **Alternate email** box, then select **Next**.

> 6. Enter the Code  sent to the Alternate email and Click on **OK** to verify the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Enter the code sent to the alternate email address and select **OK** to verify the change.
```
